=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 About

Alexandr Savca - Programmer, Information Security Engineer.

=over 10

=item Homepage

L<https://sighook.github.io>

=item E-Mail

L<mailto://alexandr.savca89@gmail.com>

=item LinkedIn

L<https://linkedin.com/in/alexandr-savca89>

=item Github

L<https://github.com/sighook>

=item HackerOne

L<https://hackerone.com/sighook>

=back

=head1 Experience

=head2 Information Security Engineer

=head3 Jan 2020 - Present (Freelance)

=over

=item *

Perform penetration testing and vulnerability research.

=item *

Develop attack/verification tools and exploits for discovered
vulnerabilities.

=item *

Develop and maintain standard operating process documentations to
enable knowledge transfer, cross-training, and recovery needs.

=item *

Improve security technology operation and integration through custom
scripts development.

=item *

Perform scanning, patching, and remediation activities.

=item *

Develop and maintain software-patches to improve security defense and
analysis (Linux Kernel, Nmap, Aircrack-ng, etc).

=item *

Maintain security tools for the Linux-based Operation System.

=back

=head2 Information Security Engineer

=head3 Jan 2018 - Nov 2019 (Salt Edge - Open Banking API)

=over

=item *

Perform testing of security-sensitive projects and solutions delivery,
manual code inspection, threat modeling, and penetration testing of
internal web applications to identify vulnerabilities and security
defects.

=item *

Support the implementation and enforcement of secure design principles
according to policies, standards, and patterns of Information
Security.

=item *

Perform secure code/design review, assist to mitigate vulnerabilities
and attack vectors in web applications.

=item *

Conduct white box security testing to assess and validate application
security.

=item *

Define, maintain, and enforce application security best practices.

=item *

Develop and conduct the Bug Bounty program.

=back

=head2 System Programmer

=head3 Sep 2016 - Feb 2017 (Freelance)

=over

=item *

Deep Packet Introspection, Reverse engineering.

=item *

Writing traffic analyzer plugins for Bro/Zeek IDS for various
protocols.

=item *

Reversing Oracle TNS Protocol.

=back

=head2 System Administrator

=head3 2012 - Jan 2017 (Freelance)

=head4 Environment: GNU/Linux.

=over

=item *

Configuration of Network Protocols.

=item *

Software installation and configuration.

=item *

Created scripts for monitor systems and automation of daily tasks and
customer requests.

=item *

Installation and configuration of security packages.

=item *

Tuning kernel parameters for performance improvement.

=item *

Install patches and upgrading of O/S as and when required.

=item *

Maintain local O/S applications and patch depots.

=item *

Implement Backup/Recovery strategies.

=item *

Network traffic analysis and recommendation for performance
improvement.

=item *

Maintain DNS, VPN, Web, DB & Mail Servers.

=item *

Develop of low-level tools in C, higher level interfaces using Tcl/Tk,
shell programming and Perl.

=back

=head1 Education

=head2 Master's degree

=head3 2014 - 2016 (Database Administration and WEB Technologies)

Defended the Master thesis "SQLite replicator for UNIX O/S".

=head2 Master's degree

=head3 2012 - 2014 (Psychological Counseling)

Defended the Master thesis "Coping Behaviour of Adolescents with
Different Views on Educational Tactics of the Mother in Complete and
Incomplete Families.

=cut

# vim:sw=2:ts=2:sts=2:et:cc=72:tw=70
# End of file.
