=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 About

This page summarizes projects and upstream contributions I have been
involved in, primarily in the areas of security research, network
protocols, and low-level systems work.

=head1 Security Research

=head2 CVE disclosures

=over

=item * CVE-2020-36420

Polipo: denial of service via malformed HTTP Range header

L<https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2020-36420>

=item * CVE-2021-38614

Polipo: heap buffer overflow triggered by malformed Range handling

L<https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2021-38614>

=item * CVE-2021-31799

Ruby RDoc: command injection via specially crafted filenames during
documentation generation

L<https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2021-31799>

=item * CVE-2021-31810

Ruby Net::FTP: PASV response not validated, allowing
attacker-controlled connection targets and port scanning

L<https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2021-31810>

=item * CVE-2021-32066

Ruby Net::IMAP: STARTTLS failures were not handled, enabling StartTLS
stripping and downgrade to plaintext

L<https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2021-32066>

=back

=head2 Wireshark

 $ git -C ~/Upstream/wireshark shortlog --author=chinarulezzz --author='Alexandr Savca'
 Alexandr Savca (7):
     packet-tns: add TNS_TYPE_DATA functions dissection.
     packet-tns: add Set Protocol dissection.
     packet-tns.c: Oracle 12c packet length fix.
     packet-tns.c: add Version and Services parsing for SNS messages.
     packet-tns.c: Add Version2 (SQLNET_RETURN_OPI_PARAM)
     packet-tns.c: Add Sesskey, Auth (SQLNET_RETURN_OPI_PARAM)
     Fix cppcheck 1.83 warnings
 
 chinarulezzz (6):
     packet-tns.c: add TODO to TNS Refuse packet dissector
     packet-pcep.c: opposite inner 'if' condition leads to a dead code block
     fix link speed indication
     tools/cppcheck/cppcheck.sh: improve script; add new option: colorize html output
     remove redundant break statement
     fix missing parentheses in 'if' statement

=head2 Linux kernel

Upstream contribution to input subsystem hardware support.

 $ git -C ~/Upstream/linux shortlog --author='Alexandr Savca'

 Alexandr Savca (1):
       Input: elan_i2c - add ELAN0618 (Lenovo v330 15IKB) ACPI ID

Additional kernel-related work:

=over

=item Wireless and kernel patches used in penetration testing:

L<https://github.com/sighook/linux-wifi-pentest-patches>

=item Nethunter Linux Kernel for Xiaomi Redmi Note 4/4X:

L<https://github.com/sighook/mido>

=back

=head2 Pixload

Set of tools for injecting payloads into jpeg/gif/png/bmp/webp images.

L<https://github.com/sighook/pixload>

=head2 Nmap

=over

=item Check for the TNS Poison vulnerability.

L<https://github.com/nmap/nmap/pull/718>

=item Fix for the oracle-tns-version.

L<https://github.com/nmap/nmap/commit/b30c304a2dc440f17c9a3a25061fae5730492ada>

=item Collection of scripts that are unmerged to upstream.

L<https://github.com/sighook/nmap-extra-scripts>

=back

=head2 Aircrack-ng

Unofficial patch: Add manufacturer column to the client list.

L<https://github.com/zeppe-lin/zeppe-lin/tree/master/stuff/aircrack-ng>

=head2 wxp78key

Tiny keylogger for XP/Vista/7/8 with FTP upload.

L<https://github.com/sighook/wxp78key>

=head2 asleap

Improved version of asleap:

 Fixed LEAP attacking
 Added MSCHAP-v2 authentication verifier
 Added bruteforce charset option
 Added username option for MSCHAP-v2 Challenge/Response attack

=head2 gencc

Generate credit card numbers that pass the MOD 10 check (Luhn).

L<https://github.com/sighook/gencc>

=head2 captal

Security auditing and social-engineering research project. Provides the
flexible, constructor for Wi-Fi/MITM/Phishing and Layer2 attacks.

L<https://github.com/sighook/captal>

=head2 layer234-attack-tools

Set of tools and helpers for attacks on the 2, 3 and 4 layers of the
 OSI Model. Some of them I adapted from the Net, some I wrote myself,
some by L<volgk|https://github.com/volgk>.

L<https://github.com/sighook/layer234-attack-tools>

=head2 layer567-attack-tools

Set of tools and helpers for attacks on the 5, 6 and 7 layers of the
 OSI Model.  Some of them I adapted from the Net, some I wrote myself.

L<https://github.com/sighook/layer567-attack-tools>

=head2 sms

Send SMS via Moldcell and Orange (my national mobile operators).
Break their captcha on the web portals, and send SMS through TOR.

L<https://github.com/sighook/sms>

P.S. Unusable now, just for educational purposes.

=head1 Desktop Env

KISS GNU/Linux Distro for my daily use. Forked from CRUX.

L<https://github.com/zeppe-lin>

=cut

# vim:sw=2:ts=2:sts=2:et:cc=72:tw=70
# End of file.
